But I love it. I've been here 56 years now.
56.
Same as me.
Same as us.
I love it.
I wouldn't move from here though.
Oh no.
No I wouldn't.
I love badness.
And when I hear people saying about badness.
Oh I got that.
And I get it.
It's such a bad thing.
I get it.
Well it's better than duck rig.
Well when I'm black.
Everyone got their bat and couldn't.
Yes.
In lonely states.
You shouldn't do that.
You shouldn't run anything down.
In the spa room.
There was people at work there that came from bettas.
And if you heard them you'd never think they came from bettas.
No.
Oh everything is bad about bettas.
And if you want.
I say hang on a minute.
Hang on.
I do.
Stand on the lane and watch the children.
The majority of them go at malpus.
That's what I say.
So don't come here saying about bettas.
I won't have it.
No.
Well they got bad and good everywhere.
That's right.
Yeah.
The bench pass.
The hush pass.
Everyone did.
You shouldn't do that.
No you've got your good and your bad everywhere.
Don't care what they say.
That's it.
Anyway.